who are you and what do you want
is that how you greet visitors what's
kind of an awesome exclusive to the show
uh lee schorsby and miss coulter meet
they don't ever meet in the books yeah
in the book mrs
coulter and lee scorsby don't cross or
don't meet but
jack thornton's found a way a very
organic way for it to happen
and i actually i heard about it for the
first time from ruth wilson
and she goes we've got quite a scene uh
so that was actually the best way to
hear about it is to have this culture
herself
tell me oh i'm gonna i'm gonna meet you
and in some ways if mrs coulter meets
characters
you don't expect it allows you to kind
of explore areas of
her um and her psychology and her past
that we don't in the book and we so we
don't have a chance to elsewhere
and it's a beautifully written scene um
you you couldn't imagine two more
different characters you know nothing
about me
it's really exciting putting these two
characters in a room together how
you know she usually always has the
upper hand so with lee
perhaps she doesn't and it was a really
really lovely scene i think for both of
us for both characters it kind of
revealed something about us
when they meet you realize they actually
kind of share a lot
and it's a very surprising scene and it
was
enormous fun to face off against
[Music]
you